Added release notes for MSlice (#38596)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.12.0/Direct_Geometry/MSlice/New_features/38596.rst

> - Added an example script for saving multiple cut plots as ASCII files in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The documentation now includes an example script for saving multiple cut plots as ASCII files.
```

> - Upgrade to matplotlib version 3.9.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Matplotlib is now at version 3.9.2.
```

> - Added observer for the Analysis Data Service to the MSlice interface. Consequently, modifications to workspaces in Mantid are now synchronised with MSlice for shared workspaces. The behavior of the MSlice interface is thereby made consistent with that of other interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MSlice has a new observer for workspaces in the Analysis Data Service in Mantid. Consequently, modifications to workspaces in Mantid are now synchronised with MSlice for shared workspaces. For example, this change now ensures that a deleted workspace in Mantid is also deleted in MSlice, which mitigates a common past error of `RuntimeError: Variable invalidated, data has been deleted`. The behaviour of the MSlice interface is thereby made consistent with that of other interfaces.
```
